I'm Yvonne Man in Shenzhen here in Hong
Kong. You're watching The [music] China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man.
And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of [music] the
greater China markets. Our top stories
Asian stocks edge higher and oil prices
slip on hopes for a deal to end the
Middle East war even as inflation
[music] fears keep bond yields near
multi-year highs.
President Trump says he's holding off on
fresh attacks on Iran. [music] Iranian
media meanwhile reporting the US has
offered a temporary waiver on oil
sanctions. Also ahead, Russia seeking to
deepen energy ties with China [music] as
Vladimir Putin heads to Beijing for
talks with Xi Jinping. And fresh [music]
from joining Trump's China trip,
Nvidia's Jensen Huang tells Bloomberg he
[music] sees the Chinese market opening
to AI chips from the US.
My sense is that the demand in China is
so incredible just like it is here.
Agentic AI is also making enormous
progress there. My sense is that over
time
the market will open.
Well, April seems like we've hit a
little bit of the pause button here in
terms of the sell-off that has gone
global and [music] certainly today I
think it's the headlines around what
President Trump said about Iran and how
they're holding off on any sort of tax
here right now. That's at least bringing
down the oil price here this morning and
lifting risk assets just a little bit.
Yeah, and at the behest of the Gulf
countries, the suggestion that you know
there's some negotiation on the way.
They don't want to scupper that between
the US and Iran. Let's take a look at
the market action. We're looking at
Brent managing to pull back from
yesterday's highs as you alluded to and
that seems to be helping the short end,
those yields being capped, but long end,
you see those concerns still playing
out. If you look at the 30-year, it's
still at the highest for yields since
the year 2007.
And of course, uh we have been also
tracking how things have been playing
out in Japan. There was a historic bond
sell-off. Let's take a look at how uh
the Asian assets are faring as the
Japanese banks seem to be the ones that
are seeing a bit of a lift today after
Katayama suggested that, "Hey, as we
kind of
uh detail the extra budget, we will take
into consideration the bond market." So,
that's showing up in some calm for JGBs
as well. Uh memory stocks, those are the
ones that are in focus as well today
following on from comments from Seagate
executives that new factories take too
long. So, the extent in which they can
build enough capacity to keep up with
demand, the drags are seen on the Kospi
today are SK Hynix and Samsung
Electronics, and then take a look at
China futures as well.
Uh we are watching out for some of these
humanoid related stocks. The Chinese
premier, according to CCTV, has been
talking about expanding the use of
robots. Watching out for some of these
earnings related read-throughs as well,
including from Baidu on how the AI sales
for the first time they have exceeded
that of their legacy ad sales. So, a
couple of things we're watching in the
session today, Yvonne.
Yeah, we saw the ADRs did, you know, go
up just slightly here on the Baidu news
that maybe there are some incremental
improvements here when it comes to the
AI story for that company. So, certainly
that's one thing to watch. I think you
have the Seagate sort of warning calls
about, you know, how they can actually
make up for that. Uh demand is certainly
going to be a concern for some of the
chip makers here today. But then again,
you also have Jensen Huang talking about
still optimistic that they can actually
supply their chips uh to China soon,
right? Let's bring in our markets
reporter, Anthony Stevens, who's
watching all this as well. Let's focus
on the tech side of things. You
mentioned this morning that the Seagate
comments are going to be pretty telling,
too.
>> Yeah, so the reason that stock is so
important, right? It's cuz it's been up
600% year-to-date. Now, that makes it an
absolute leader in the US memory
ecosystem, alongside SanDisk. And these
are names that retail has been riding
all the way up. So, now they're coming
out and saying, "I don't want to really
build out new factories cuz they take
too long." And by the time they're kind
of constructed, memory demand can kind
of moderate, right? That's the first
sign of caution we've heard from the
memory sector anywhere globally. Uh and
that's having a follow-on impact uh in
Korea. Uh aside from Samsung and Hynix,
I want to highlight another smaller
name, Hanmi Semiconductor, right? This
stock has been ballistic. It got
downgraded finally last week. And it's
been down 25% in 3 days. This is the
kind of velocity on the downside you can
have on tech when there's a little bit
more caution and a little bit more
circumspect look at how earnings are
going to go look forward.
>> Yeah, we're still tracking this bond
sell-off. Now that we've seen a little
bit of steadiness this morning, but you
know, the Katayama comments from Japan
at the G7 were quite interesting about
trying to reassure the market that
they're watching the bond market very
closely despite these news of the bond
sell-off.
>> we definitely get a day off today on the
bond sell-off. It feels like with oil
down 2% after Trump's kind of moderation
of tone on Iran. But also, Katayama used
that G7 platform really well, right?
Like they were all together, they kind
of announced maybe they're going to
think about an oil buffer with uh Korea,
uh more work with Korea. Those are two
economies that are right in the middle
of this oil storm. And alongside uh kind
of calming the bond market, saying that
we will take your concerns into account
when we look for this extra money for
perhaps a supplementary budget. So, a a
kind of a shift in rhetoric around the
supplementary budget from the kind of
language we used in our time zone.
Anthony, you say day off, right? For
Japan bond auctions, but the work
continues. If you look at the long end,
it's a global story. What are you
seeing?
Yeah, the problem with the longer end of
things is you're getting a combination
of the AI super cycle and the higher
oil, right? Like the AI thing, no one is
arguing with at all. That seems like
it's going to go on for a little bit of
time. And also, a lot of stock markets
are kind of being juiced by governments.
So, it's uh governments in general don't
want to raise interest rates to combat
these uh kind of higher inflation. So,
you do see bonds getting a little bit
freaked out, right? Japan's in
particular, because the government is
explicitly expansionary. China, though,
is a weird outlier on this front, as we
as we've touched on many times.
Mhm.
It is certainly turning out to be a bit
of an outlier. Anthony, thank you so
much for that. Now, meantime, we were
talking about President Trump earlier
and how he's been calling off those
strikes on Iran plan for Tuesday after
Gulf allies asked for more time to seek
a diplomatic resolution. Trump says the
US remains prepared to attack if an
acceptable deal isn't reached, but did
not give a deadline. There was no
immediate confirmation from Iran on
renewed talks.
I was asked by Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE,
and some others if we could put it off
for
two or three days, a short period of
time, because they think that they are
getting very close to making a deal. And
if we can do that where there's no
nuclear weapon going into the hands of
Iran, [snorts] I think and if they're
satisfied,
uh we will be probably satisfied also.
For more, let's bring in Chris Kennedy,
who leads our statecraft coverage for
Bloomberg Economics. He joins us now
from Washington. Chris, great to see
you.
What do you make of the timing of a
comment like this from the US president?
Are they really closer to a deal?
Uh that's a great question. don't I'm
not sure what to exactly make of the
timing of these comments, but clearly
markets are responding positively to the
likelihood that we won't see new
attacks, at least in the next few days.
Um,
our interpretation is that this is not
necessarily indicating some progress on
the deeper issues that are dividing
Tehran and Washington
uh, when it comes to, you know,
achieving a durable peace. The two sides
are still quite far apart,
uh, and especially on, you know, the the
issue that matters most for the global
economy, and that is when can we return
to free and, you know, free traffic
through the Strait of Hormuz.
And and
until then, I mean, what what can we
expect in this situation, right? You
mentioned this new normal now, there's
new warnings, there's new threats, but
not maybe a significant escalation. Is
that what we need to get used to now?
I think so. Uh, so our assessment is
that there is still a high probability
that we will see some limited strikes,
uh,
in the future.
Uh, Washington appears to still be
counting on additional economic pain
affecting the calculus of Iran as, you
know, they decide how to how to manage
Washington's demands.
We haven't seen anything happen yet, uh,
on that end, and our assessment is that
because this conflict and Washington's
demands are existential for the regime
in Iran, we don't believe economic
pressure is likely to change their
calculus very much. Now, on the other
hand, the US is obviously facing its own
economic pressure heading into an
election season. So, it seems to be a
bit of a waiting game right now.
Mhm.
Chris, I wonder what your assessment is
of what the US thinks, you know, which
stage of the war is it in cuz we went
from they were trying to instigate
regime change to it became a bit of a
war of attrition. How would you
characterize this phase of the war?
We're calling a protracted stalemate. So
that's the term we're using with a
ceasefire largely holding
but of course that doesn't provide much
insight into how things might resolve
and how we might get back to the free
flow of energy and other goods through
the Strait of Hormuz. And you know, I
think the Trump administration continues
to try to work out what they can achieve
and for now, you know, it seems that the
Trump administration is unwilling to
make major concessions on a couple key
areas primarily the question about you
know, the disposition of Iran's existing
nuclear fuel stockpile and future
enrichment which is the area that the
president has really seemed to laser in
on over the past couple weeks.
And Chris of course we're tracking this
this big sort of meeting that's
happening between
President Xi and Putin who's expected to
arrive in China today. I'm just
wondering what your team is really
expecting here in this meeting given
that it's just days after of course this
Trump Xi summit.
Sure. So we're expecting that they will
reiterate their partnership and the fact
that you know, this is an important
trade relationship especially for
Russia. You know, Putin is facing a lot
of pressure at home now. Ukraine is
increasing its strikes including in the
Moscow capital region. They are
targeting energy infrastructure. And so
I think we see this as as very important
to President Putin to symbol symbolizes
strength and relevance on the global
stage as he's facing this pressure at
home. We're not expecting any major
deliverables or any you know,
significantly treaty bound deepening of
the relationship.
It's also coming at the time where the
energy, I guess, procurement, in a way,
has have shifted a little bit. Help us
understand what's changed since the Iran
war between China and what they've been
getting from Russia in terms of energy
supplies.
Yeah, so China is continuing to receive
uh deliveries of oil and and gas exports
from Russia as they were before the war.
Of course, they're paying more now.
Russia is in a stronger position to
market its oil exports, in particular,
uh to the rest of the world. Of course,
this is assisted in part by the US
decision, again, for the third time, to
wave sanctions of Russian oil on the
water, which opens up those exports to
additional buyers. So, China doesn't
have sort of its monopoly pricing power
when it when it comes to purchasing
Chinese oil.
But, at the same time, as I mentioned,
Russia is under a lot of pressure. Their
energy system is under attack from the
Ukrainians. And so, while we, you know,
overall, we believe the war has probably
been a net benefit for Russia in terms
of its ability to generate revenue from
its fossil fuel exports,
it's not all a rosy picture for them.
Chris, it's great to have you. Thanks
for staying late for us. Chris Kennedy
there, joining us from Bloomberg
Economics. And coming up, we'll be
talking markets with Alliance [music]
GI's fixed income CIO, Jenny Zeng, and
how to position amid fears of higher
inflation. [music] Plus, AI in focus
with BNP Paribas. Hear why they think
Japan is set to join the global humanoid
robots race. And we're counting down to
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. This is the China show.
>> All right, we've hit the pause button
[music] as we've been talking about when
it comes to this bond sell-off here
today on the back of some of those
comments when it came to President Trump
I've really holding off on these attacks
on Iran and certainly we have seen oil
at least a little bit more steady here
this morning. So yeah, talk is still
about a 460 handle for the US 10-year
yield. We're still tracking JGBs after
this kind of 180 kind of move from Taka
Ichi about this extra budget that really
roiled the market here. Bond traders now
being a little bit more reassured by
some of those Kataeyana comments
overnight at the G7. So at least the
dollar is slightly higher, but overall a
bit more steadier than yesterday. Let's
bring in Jenny Zeng now, see CIO of
fixed income at Alliance Allianz GI.
It's always great to have you Jenny.
Given a day like this and the week that
we've had, it seems like we came out of
this Trump-Xi summit, everything kind of
came back to normal here. The Strait of
Hormuz is still shut, oil is still
higher and inflation is still perking up
everywhere.
Do you think we've reached kind of a new
range for where yields are now in the
bond market?
>> That's a really interesting question.
You know, the the higher bond yield is
it's reflecting higher inflation, a
higher inflation expectation. So let's
start from the US, right? If you look at
it the US, the latest CPI number 3.8%.
That's probably with the highest since
what, 2023? And if you look at inflation
expectations, look at the 10-year break
even, it's almost at the 3-year high as
well. Now and and now the question is
what what's driving that? And then we
know it's driven by energy shock at
least for now for the US. US gas price
went from like a three per gallon to
4.5. So that's the main driver of
inflation and inflation expectations.
So from a Fed policy perspective, if
it's just because of that, it's just
energy shock, i.e. it's temporary, it
will go away. It will probably take
months to go away, but if it's really go
away and then Fed actually can look
through that.
Now the bond market however has priced
in
more. Usually the bond market react more
than the realities. So you think it's a
bit too restrictive they're pricing in
too restrictive of a Fed right now. I
mean they're thinking about rate hikes
maybe as early as next March. Right now.
Is that too I guess
far-fetched right now the reality?
I think for the US it's still really
manageable because if you look at the US
numbers right look at
Yes the headline inflation is much
higher now but it it doesn't really
translate into core inflation yet. If
you look at PCE probably still around
2.5% that's still
in check with the Fed's target.
Um to not to say that Fed is going to
cut that's probably not going to happen
anymore but how much Fed needs to hike
we really need to see how long this
energy shock lasts. And I think the US
also has it's more manageable because
it's energy producing country. Right.
So Jenny you think hikes are on the
table. How soon might that come and then
how do you square that away with
what Kevin Warsh might do as head of the
Fed? Are we looking at overall
curve steepening still?
Well Warsh is a inflation hawk.
And he just recently I think he said
that that the price stability is a north
star. So I think he will do
what he can to guard the credibility of
the Fed but it doesn't necessarily mean
that that they need to hike now. They
need to see how lasting the effect on
inflation and how headline inflation
translate into core inflation. One of
the good counterweight to a certain
extent to higher energy price is that if
you look at it the tariff effect is
fading.
And the shelter price actually is coming
down it's softening. Mhm. And we also
need to see you know how uh consumers
is is holding up. So, we need to see.
Now,
the cut is the the cut is definitely off
the table, but how fast they can hike or
they need to hike, we really need to see
the numbers.
Jenny, what are you seeing in
JGBs? I mean, this has been a market
that,
you know, captured a lot of attention in
the past week, even in January this
year.
What's your assessment of whether there
is a lid on yields on the long end in
Japan?
I remember last time when I came here
was when JGB hit 4%. Yeah. Right?
>> [laughter]
>> And then now we're at slightly higher
than that. Now, now when when when we
talk about higher interest rate, we
really need to know what drives it. Now,
in the US case in majority of other
countries, it's it's an energy shock. Of
course, that plays in Japan as well. But
the Japan, in my view, it's one of the
probably the the most underappreciated
turnaround story from an economic cycle
perspective. When you are at a beginning
of economic cycle, a up cycle, of
course, your interest rate should be
higher.
And but and and also if you look at the
Japan, the why we think it's one of the
utmost underappreciated turnaround
story, it's because it's driven by
governance reform, it's driven by
supportive policies, and it's driven by
shifting capital flows as well. Mhm.
Now, so so what what there is a good
thing there there are good bad higher
interest rate.
Interest rate higher interest rate will
be good if it support if if if uh
corporate earnings can support that.
Right? So, so if you have economic
cycle, and then you can create a
positive feedback loop, what's the
problem of a higher interest rate? So, I
think Japan is a very different case.
Now, and also, uh as I just talked about
the shifting capital flows. Now, it
already doesn't make sense for Japanese
investors to buy US Treasury your US
bonds anymore. It just takes a matter of
a time for them to relocate the capital
back to
CGB or Japan local assets. Then that
will have ramifications on yen, for
example, which is very undervalued.
>> Do you think Japan is just normalizing?
Don't don't worry too much. But can I
buy the dip in anywhere else in this
bond market right now? Or do you think
it's still too soon to tell where the
line in the sand is? That's very
interesting question. It's a good
question as well. Now, first of all, we
need to understand what do what do we
buy bond for? Now, what's the bond's
role in the portfolio? Historically,
bond's role the manner one of primary
roles of bond would buy bond is to
temper equity volatility.
>> Yeah.
Now, with the inflationary environment,
that role might be weakened a bit.
However, does that mean there's no
opportunities?
Absolutely not. This requires a very
active approach. Like for example, if we
believe that, you know, in certain
market, including Europe, maybe in even
including in in in UK as well, that it
has pricing too much hikes. Mhm.
>> Then this is the opportunity that you
can have relative value trades in the
bond portfolio. And then secondly, where
can we find bonds that still have that
diversifier uh role? We can find that in
CGB. Mhm. Interestingly, if you look at
the entire bond market, CGB was the only
bond market that didn't sell off.
I mean, the data was pretty pretty I
mean, the sharp slowdown that we shot we
saw in the April data. Right. So,
because the China again, China has a
different cycle. Mhm. It has a different
inflation cycle. It has a different
economic cycle. That's where you can
really find a diversifier as well. And
particularly now, if RMB is going to
continue to be very stable. So, CGB can
be a good diversifier in the bond
portfolio. Jenny, it's great to have
you. And of course, best wishes to your
move to London as well. Hopefully, we
can catch up soon. Jenny Zeng there, CIO
of fixed income at Allianz GI. In terms
of your premarket, that's opening up
here right now. Hang Seng is pretty
flat. Futures though in China still in
negative territory bonds pretty steady
in the CGB market as [music] Jenny was
just talking about. We're talking about
a 680 handle also for RMB. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're checking Baidu stock [music] here
in the pre-market slightly lower. That's
despite what we saw in the ADR market
which was a pop of 1% on those shares
the back of those earnings, right? So
for quite a milestone. We're talking
about the the amount of AI sales that
they got actually helped offset what was
happening in the ad and core business
there. So certainly that for the first
time we've actually seen that. Um so in
terms of what the analysts are saying, I
guess maybe it does change a little bit
of the equity story to AI for Baidu,
April.
Yeah, I think that's why JP Morgan has
been suggesting, right? From this key
milestone. We also have the likes of
Morgan Stanley citing how there's the
strong AI cloud infrastructure be the
likes of City highlight how there's been
a broadening of the monetization. Our
folks at Bloomberg Intelligence
still think that the profit outlook
remains challenged though. So the Baidu
bears there
on that analysis a bit different from
what we're seeing from the rest of the
street in terms of the comments on the
first quarter results and the
trajectory. Let's take a look at
pre-market. What we're seeing in Hong
Kong stocks and of course this is
following on from already heavy selling
on the Hang Seng tech just [music]
a day ago. Will we see that continued
divergence between chips and [music] the
internet names especially with Baidu in
the mix today. We're seeing Hang Seng
tech pointing to a bit of a soft day.
We'll take a look at the open next. This
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're counting down to the [music]
open of markets. We are pointing flat on
futures, but of course this is coming
off from a couple of sessions of selling
[music] and today the inflation concerns
on the region, I guess, have receded
somewhat [music]
against the backdrop of Brent prices
pulling back from yesterday's highs, but
we also have these concerns about memory
and the extent in which some of these
memory [music] chip makers can meet
demand and, you know, have enough
capacity coming through, Yvonne.
Yeah, I think Seagate kind of was the
one that sent that warning overnight
that did send some shivers across the
semiconductor space here. We're
certainly [music] seeing that. KOSPI is
under a bit of pressure here, getting a
bit ugly in Seoul here this morning once
again as of course we're still counting
down of course to any sort of
>> [music]
>> outcome from those Samsung negotiations
and talks with the labor union. So
certainly that's another story to deal
with here today, but on to markets
looking like this right now. We are
slightly to the downside here on the CSI
300. We're down about a third of 1%. Uh
bonds in the CGV market continue to stay
pretty resilient here. I think, you
know, given what we saw in the April
data and really the the slow the sharp
slow down that we saw in growth numbers
certainly did maybe give a little bit
more fodder for this bond rally and as
what Jenny Zung from Allianz did mention
just now, you know, the non-traditional
sort of alternatives like CGVs could be
that diversification sort of play here
across fixed income. And you take a look
at what comes to Shanghai crude. We're
still up about 7/10 of 1%, but overall
Brent and WTI has stabilized a bit here
and we are seeing lower oil prices
during the Asia session. The chip space
still under a bit of here. You see you
look at Capricorn Tech. Uh it's down
about 6/10 of 1%. CATL, so some of these
battery makers are slightly lower here
today, but certainly it it it's
interesting to hear from Jensen Huang
just days after leaving Beijing in that
Trump-Xi summit. He was still quite
optimistic that China eventually will
start taking up some of their uh chips.
So certainly we'll see if that does
anything to offset some of the the
comments coming through from Seagate and
the like. Hong Kong this here right now.
Of course uh we're we're counting down
to some earnings coming through here
still. StanChart has some interesting
new lines here when it came to jobs as
well. We'll bring to you the latest
coming up. Uh but Hang Seng is doing a
little bit better, but we're pretty
steady. Asia Tech is flat. Uh Hang Seng
is up about just about a fifth of 1%. Uh
Baidu certainly has been the key to
watch here. We're seeing some marginal
gains, but certainly this milestone of
its AI sales for the first time
surpassing its core business of ads is
certainly one sign that maybe the the
narrative around Baidu and its equity AI
story could be turning, right? That's
according to the sell side of things
this morning. Uh the rest of the space
here will be 680 for dollar China. So so
the dollar is steadying a little bit
here just given those Trump headlines on
Iran. Property and as well now slightly
to the downside. Uh we do have some a
scoop here when it came to New World,
which we'll get the the latest here
coming up. But you know, our our sources
telling us that they might be mulling a
fee to avoid this 9 billion rent for 11
Skies malls. So uh the the shares are
just slightly higher here this morning.
StanChart, uh that was also uh something
that came through in the last couple
hours or so.
They are slashing some back office roles
in order to boost returns. So they're
talking about uh support cutting support
roles by more than 15% and using AI to
replace workers. So the stock is up uh
by about 1% this morning. Chips as well.
So we talked about what happened with
Seagate as sort of the warning signals
there. Nvidia also, the comments coming
through, not really helping what Jensen
Huang said, right? We're still seeing uh
some massive, massive moves to the
downside here. ASMPT, for example, down
some 5%. SMIC and Hua Hong down some 2
to 3% here today, April.
Yeah, following on from yesterday, I
think there was a bit more positivity on
these Chinese chip makers. So, today, to
your point about the signals from
Seagate, the drags you're seeing on the
KOSPI, it's from the memory makers
there, the ones that have been
propelling the South Korean gauge the
past couple of months. And even with
these declines on the memory giants,
you're still looking at what? Just the
lowest levels. So, pretty much erasing
the gains we've seen in just over a
week. So, take that into consideration.
Of course, we're watching out for any of
these developments related to Samsung
Electronics as those talks continue with
the labor union. And to your point,
Yvonne, about what the Nvidia chief has
been highlighting, Jensen Huang talking
about semiconductor demand in China
being incredible and how he expects
authorities there to eventually allow
the import of AI chips from the US.
Huang, of course, was a last-minute
addition to a delegation of business
leaders who traveled to Beijing for
President Trump's summit with Xi
Jinping. And he spoke to us exclusively
in Las Vegas alongside Dell CEO Michael
Dell.
The president wants
America to win everywhere. Right.
The president wants America to lead the
AI revolution. And so,
uh H200s are licensed to sell to China.
Uh the Chinese the Chinese government
has to decide uh how much of their local
market do they want to protect and how
much of their local market do they want
to expand with more AI more AI capacity?
My sense is that the demand in China is
so incredible, just like it is here,
agentic AI is also making enormous
progress there. My sense is that over
time I
the market will open.
President Xi was very clear that he
wants China to be
even wider open market.
Premier Li Qiang was very
straightforward and and to explain very
eloquently that that China will be an
open market. So, I'm looking forward to
China being a more open market.
>> clarify, Jensen, you were able to meet
with those officials directly to discuss
whether or not you can sell to those
Chinese tech companies.
>> I did I didn't discuss directly with
them about H200. I was there to
represent the United States and I was
honored to do so. I was there to support
President Trump and really glad to do
so.
But, that was really the focus of my
trip.
President Trump had some conversations
with with the leaders and I'm I'm
looking forward to to what what they
decide. Michael, you did not go to
China, but I think what what's
interesting is you are a member of the
President's Council of Advisers for
Science and Technology, as is Jensen.
Your your your net conclusion on whether
or not China will become open to
American technology companies to do
business there.
You know, we have a business
in China. Obviously, we comply with all
the
restrictions and you know,
various controls that are in place.
But, I hope that there's more economic
collaboration between the United States
and China. That ultimately is what will
lead to
greater outcomes and prosperity for
everyone and you know, a greater
likelihood of you know, a successful
relationship between the countries and
you know, around the world.
And that was Michael Dell there, the
Dell CEO and the Nvidia boss, Jensen
Huang, speaking exclusively to Bloomberg
Tech co-anchor Ed Ludlow. Uh another
thing part of the whole AI sort of cycle
that we're tracking is once again the
robotic sector. So we got some lines
coming through overnight when it came to
what the Chinese premier was calling for
was expanding the use of robots. That's
not really helping some of these stocks
here today, but you're still seeing
Robot Phoenix that just listed yesterday
in Hong Kong extending those gains after
what has was a pretty stellar debut. So
we're punching 2% higher. The rest of
the space though is heading lower. Let's
bring in Joy Yang, APAC capital goods
analyst at BNP Paribas, which they've
been having their conference here
talking all things mobility, talking all
things EVs. Joy, it's great to have you.
The robotics play,
would you say this is sort of the next
phase of this whole AI cycle? You know,
it's gone from really just the digital
side of things to now more physical
deployment of AI. Uh thank you for
having me on. Uh yes, as you said, uh we
think physical AI will be the largest
and the ultimate application scenarios
of AI in the future. So uh as the big
brain or what we call the intelligence
of the robot grows,
uh we see more um application scenarios
will appear. And once this data flywheel
um start to uh happen, and then we think
um eventually this humanoid robots will
come into our life and help us to work
and also work around us.
It seems like this is where investors
are really kind of turning their their
attention to as well. How are you
sorting through the the winners and
losers now in this space? Uh yeah, sure.
Um so for now, uh of course, I mean it's
a little bit early stage, uh but we
still think like high risk high return
as long as we believe this will be a
long-term trend. So uh
our preference is more like uh we think
we need to choose the winner at the by
the end of the day. So how can those uh
companies uh stay in this industry until
the large models being ready, which
means um the companies who can generate
positive cash flow and then reinvest in
their R&D in the large models in the
hardware. And then because currently the
biggest bottleneck is the data. Is the
high quality physical world interaction
data. So
we are not sure like when will this
eventually come? Maybe 5 years, maybe 3
years, but as long as those companies
who have a distributed channel, who have
base,
who have positive cash flow generation
ability
will stay alive until that what we call
like deep tech moment. Yeah.
>> In terms of
not maybe competition competition but
maybe just the development of of this
whole human eye humanoid sort of
space. So what do you see? I mean it
seems like China's leading the way right
now but but how do you see we've seen a
lot of interest in Korea robotic makers,
Japan and even the US. I mean how do you
stack up the competition now? Yeah,
sure.
Yes, as you said the US, China, Japan or
Korea they all have been investing
heavily in this
industry.
Um
I think both of them have their own
advantages. For example like US, US
players they are
very good at large models especially for
the foundation models
because they have very powerful like
computing power.
That's their advantage.
But for Chinese players
they have massive application scenarios
so that they can collect the data from
the real world. And also the in terms of
the cost of the data is much lower. And
also if the industry enters the mass
production stage that will comes to
China's advantage which would be the
mass production production in terms of
the cost because China has a very
complete supply chain in of this
manufacturing. Yeah.
So, they're on slightly different
ecosystems, I guess, China and the rest
of the world. What about the cycles
they're on? Do you see automation demand
is having bottomed out?
Uh yeah, sure. Um I think for US
markets, the demand has been growing uh
rapidly in the
in the past the three quarters already.
Uh mainly driven by the US manufacturing
reshoring as well as the strong
investment in AI supply chain. Um and
for China, we think that demand has
already bottomed. Um the new orders that
we've seen has uh grown strongly in the
past the full month already. However, we
think most of the growth actually came
from the price increases as well as the
um restocking of the distribution
channels also because of this price
increases. So, we think we still need
more evidences to support um this
inflection point uh for now.
Which would include What What some of
the signals you're watching out for
likely to be?
Uh sure. Uh so, usually we'll track uh
for example, like China industrial and
uh China industrial enterprises net
profits. Uh it it has already turned
positive growth. Um however, we think uh
we we still need to observe for another
two to three months to see if this
growth can be sustained. So, once the um
industrial enterprise make profit, then
they're willing to expand their
capacity. What do you see as some of the
biggest challenges in
in really kind of deploying these robots
into
real-world use right now? You mentioned
data is certainly one thing that's a
challenge. But, how do you separate the
reality with the hype? Which is there's
a lot of hype right now.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Um so, I think um first
of all, we've already observed some uh
application scenarios like specialized
application scenarios already appeared.
For example, like sorting the packages,
like I I'm pretty sure that you watched
this Figure AI having broadcasting its
robot to sort the packages 24 hours 7
days. With with the lights are out.
>> Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, right. So,
we believe that there will be more
specialized application scenarios
appears.
Also in China, there are some
convenience stores are also using this
humanoid robot replacing humans or even
the milk tea stores. They are replacing
human They're replacing human by this
humanoid robot. So, I believe that more
scenarios will appear.
And this general purpose
humanoid robot will eventually come.
How Talk about about the prop path to
profitability for some of these humanoid
robot makers as well? I mean, is it is
it clear, you think, to to reach you
know, getting more profits or do you
think that's still a bit murky?
I think it really depends
cuz for some companies who already have
their existing
business that in industrial robot so
that they can make profits, then they
they reinvest their profit into this
humanoid robot or what we call physical
AI. Definitely they are profitable. But
for some new joiners,
if they focus on the large brains and
focus on the general purpose humanoid
robot, maybe it's a little bit difficult
for them to be profitable in the near
term. However, I think
investors are more
tolerant in terms of the profitability
time horizon for those new joiners.
Mhm. Joy,
is this a sector that I mean, you're
perhaps waiting out a bit more for
policy support from for humanoids, for
robotics in general in China? I mean,
we're hearing from the Chinese premier,
CCTV saying that, you know, expand the
use of robotics.
Uh yes, sure. Um the yeah, the Chinese
government has been launching a lot of
policies to support this uh industry.
For example, because as we mentioned
that the data uh great in in great
shortage and is the biggest bottom neck
for now. So, Chinese government actually
has pushed the local governments to
establish as many as possible about this
uh
data collection centers. Uh try to uh
help with this uh bottom neck. Also, the
Chinese government has launched the
standard for this industry so that the
data can be used across the whole
sector.
Joy, it's great to have you, Joy Yang
there, APAC Capital Goods Analyst at BNP
Paribas. Uh and coming up, we're going
to talk a little bit more about
developer New World, well said to be in
talks to exit its troubled 11 Skies Mall
[music] project, a move that could help
it avoid around $9 billion in rent. We
[music] have the details coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Here are some of the major
corporate stories we're following. The
US Justice Department says it's dropping
all criminal charges [music]
against Indian billionaire Gautam Adani.
That decision follows an announcement
[music] that the US Treasury was
resolving a sanctions-related
investigation involving the Adani
Group's flagship company. [music]
And last week, the SEC moved to settle a
fraud case against Adani and his nephew.
The move signal potential [music]
for a dramatic US comeback for Asia's
richest person.
Seagate shares had their worst one-day
drop in [music] nearly two months after
CEO Dave Mosley said building new
factories would take too long and
potentially [music] lead to
overcapacity.
The comments sparked investor fears that
the company won't be able [music] to
meet soaring demand for memory chips.
The AI data center boom has seen Seagate
shares soar almost 600% over the past
year.
Standard Chartered is planning [music]
to cut more than 15% of its back office
roles over four years joining [music]
other lenders in adopting artificial
intelligence to replace workers. CEO
Bill Winters [music] says it's a
reduction of job roles in favor of
machines which will accelerate as they
go forward into AI. The lender has also
set a target [music] of raising return
on tangible equity to 18% by 2030, Ron.
All right, to a Bloomberg scoop now.
Hong Kong property developer New World
is said to be considering paying an exit
fee for the troubled 11 Skies mall
project, a move that could help it avoid
around $9 billion in rent. Let's go to
our Shirley Zhao, our conglomerates,
consumer, and gaming reporter. She joins
us now with the details and what we what
we know so far about what they could do.
Right. So, we learned from sources that
New World is in talks to pay the Airport
Authority what's essentially a breakup
fee
to exit the troubled 11 Skies project.
And they need to pay this or they're
expected to give a payment because they
have committed to pay the Airport
Authority a minimum rent of 1.8 billion
Hong Kong dollars a year starting from
2028 all the way through 2066.
So, that's totaling um 9 billion US. So,
the Airport Authority is expected to
recover at least some of the
the amount of payment if New World is to
exit the project. And the Airport
Authority at the same time is also
approaching major developers in town and
leisure and entertainment groups, as
well as some consultancies for running
the project after New World's exit.
So, that's among the options. What else
is outstanding as New World continues
negotiations with officials?
Right. So, we know that there are
several proposals that have been
discussed, including the Airport
Authority receiving
land owned by New World or receiving
free services provided by New World or a
stake in the company or even in the form
of cash.
Both parties haven't settled on a final
amount of the payment and there are
still a lot of possibilities out there.
For example, if there are no better
options emerging, New World may still
end up managing the project at a revised
terms and conditions with the Airport
Authority. And the Airport Authority may
even take control of the project and run
it itself. So, there are a lot of
uncertainties still in the negotiations.
Shirley, thank you so much. Shirley
Zhao, our Bloomberg conglomerate
consumer and gaming reporter with latest
on New World and 11 Skies. And you can
rewatch that on the Bloomberg video hub.
Subscribers [music] can explore live
streaming news and interviews, all our
Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. Check out
bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
We are checking movers here this morning
and the chips continue to be out of
favor here today. We continue to see
that in Korea and what we heard from
Seagate in the warnings there about
really where the bottlenecks are
remaining when it comes to the memory
chip space is really kind of sending
shivers across of the semiconductor
industry here today. So that's why
you're seeing SMIC, Hua Hong semi down
some four, ASMPT also down some five
percent this morning.
Wingtech, this one's a pretty
interesting one. This was a call from
Morgan Stanley. So
shares are falling about as much as five
percent. This is the lowest level we've
seen for the stock since April of 2015.
So there the downgrade is really largely
due to the issues around the Nexperia
dispute. So of course there was this
tussle that Wingtech had with the Dutch
government over control of that
semiconductor subsidiary. So they're
saying that continues to weigh on the
stock. Their price target cut to 15 yuan
from 50 yuan. So that's quite a slashing
there, April.
Yeah, we're also watching some of these
other tech related plays. We're looking
at EV makers, Xpeng rolling out its
first mass produced robo-taxis as part
of its push for autonomy. It looks like
it might have underwhelmed a little bit.
You're looking at these stocks really
sitting under pressure, but that's in
line with I think what you're seeing in
the broader gauges around the region,
not just China. But what we're seeing
across the board more or less following
on from those comments from the Seagate
chief that, "Hey, when it comes to
factories, you know, it's going to take
too long to build new ones." And that's
really raising these concerns, can they
build fast enough to meet these demands
on chips? So today you are seeing a bit
of a distinction, I guess, between the
internet names along with the chip
stocks. That's a continuation of the
trend we've been seeing. And LG
Electronics in South Korea, that's
really the drag as well [music] along
with the memory makers SK Hynix and
Samsung Electronics on the KOSPI which
continues its underperformance for
another day. We'll have a lot more on
the way [music] in the next hour. You're
watching The China Show.
Welcome back to The China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. Looks like we're bouncing off
just a little bit here. We're up about a
half of 1%. Eight shares are also doing
a similar sort of moves here this
morning. Moderately higher you would say
against really what we've been seeing
across the region where you you know,
Korea's continue to be kind of an ugly
picture here and you're seeing the
semiconductor space continue to get
roiled.
Yeah, absolutely. I mean investors have
been fishing for how to broaden on the
AI trade in the past couple of weeks and
robotics had been one of those themes,
right? Which dragged up the stocks of LG
Electronics. But if you take a look at
how we're faring today, no thanks to
what we're seeing the pressure in memory
chips. Now there is a narrative to latch
on to those concerns about whether the
sector can meet demand and that's
dragging down along with it the robotics
related stocks or at least the stocks
that have been rising amid optimism of
that sector. You're looking at the
topics holding its head above water
today. I think this is to do with what
we're seeing in Japanese banks as
Katayama came out at the G7
helping to allay some of those concerns.
But if you look at bonds today, I mean,
yeah, we are seeing a bit of pressure
off the front end on the US Treasuries
and maybe to some extent on JGBs if we
can take a look at how bonds are faring.
But long end concerns, they're still
very much there. Is this a structural
issue? I suppose worth
uh figuring into the narrative as well,
Ivon.
Yep. Uh certainly it's going to be
continuing the story here. We also have
of course a bond auction is coming up in
Japan later on this week, one tomorrow
as well. So, we'll see what the demand
picture looks like uh given of course a
lot of headlines in Japan whether it
comes down to uh this extra budget and
Katayama in this the last couple of
hours trying to reassure bond investors
that you know they're watching the bond
market very closely here. I want to
bring in David Savage now, our Bloomberg
MLA strategist, to talk us through what
his team is watching out for, which you
know continues to be this kind of
sell-off you're seeing in Korea. What's
positioning like here right now? Yeah, I
I think this is a a big driver and
something to be watching. We we've we've
seen you know foreign selling of Korean
stocks for for much of this year, but we
really saw that sort of bottom out in in
April, which really allowed the KOSPI to
to surge. Um but in May we've seen a lot
of that overseas investors starting to
sell again. And and so I think overseas
investors have sold you know close to 19
billion of of Korean stocks just in the
month of May. And what it's meant is
that domestic retail investors have had
to really fill the void. And and I think
that's where the setup is that the
fundamentals for Korean stocks can still
be you know very much intact, and you
know you can be comfortable with maybe
where the trend is, but the setup right
now is is you know more precarious than
it was and and looks eerily similar to
what we looked like in March where you
had foreigners continuing to sell off,
which is putting more pressure on the
currency, and additionally you're seeing
you know retail speculative leverage
flows kind of filling the void.
>> Yeah, tell us a little more about what
you're seeing on some of these leveraged
single name names in in Korea right now.
How how bad is it or how good is it? How
I mean what do you see in terms of flows
now?
>> Yeah, it's it's interesting like I I
one piece that we've looked at is uh
leverage ETFs and specifically single
stock leverage ETFs because you know one
these are vehicles that are a
pro-cyclical and and they can amplify,
you know, retail flows. But also it's
just indicative of where retail
sentiment might be. And in March, we saw
a lot of flows into these types of
vehicles, particularly those that were
giving exposure to the names like
Samsung and SK Hynix. To the point that
today, the single stock leverage ETF
that that tracks SK Hynix is one of the
biggest in the world, surpassing, you
know, Nvidia and names like that. We've
seen again in the last few sessions more
flows into these types of ETFs. So some
of those, you know, broader leveraged
ETFs have seen outflows, but these
specific ones on Samsung SK Hynix have
seen again, you know, real, you know,
retail interest.
And uh what let's just talk about the
bond market. I have to say, um we have
seen, you know, some rumblings of, you
know, finally now that we see yields
perking up a little bit that it's it's
roiling a little bit the equity rally.
Would you say that this is the
inflection I know Mark Cutmore says this
is the inflection point. Are you seeing
more of that Yeah. Yeah. And Mark's And
Mark's definitely been right so far.
[laughter] So but I I think
ultimately what's going to matter for
equity markets is what's driving those
bond yields. So if if bond yields are
simply moving higher because inflation's
accelerating higher, then that's going
to be, you know, that's going to feed
into equity markets. And we're seeing
that in in some of the cyclical names,
consumer names, anything that's
sensitive to to rates. Um but if it's
also moving higher because growth is
more resilient and because growth is
accelerating, then that's an environment
that tech can continue to outperform,
equities can continue to outperform. And
we've seen signs of that for the last,
you know, couple of weeks. We've seen
industrial metals move higher, part of
that supply as well. Um but, you know,
you had Japan growth numbers as well. So
there's there's indications that growth
is still more resilient than we would
have expected. And if that's the case,
then that's an environment that that
tech stocks can continue to outperform.
All right. It's good um there to cut out
through the nuances there. David Savage,
our Bloomberg MLY strategist, uh
watching all things markets for us. And
April, you're watching oil markets now,
too.
Yeah, because they're coming off the
boil from what we saw yesterday, right?
And we're seeing a bit of slippage after
the US president talked about holding
off strikes on Iran following an appeal
by Gulf allies. Bloomberg oil reporter
Nicholas Luard joins me now with more on
this. So, we're pretty much headline
surfing at this stage. I mean, is there
anything to suggest that from these
latest comments, we are actually moving
the needle on some progress on reopening
the strait?
I think what's very clear is that
everything's as clear as mud as we
headline surf, April. I think the
problem right now is that Trump's
comment overnight, like that thing
about, oh, you know, the the Gulf
allies, Saudi, UAE, amongst others, have
come to me and asked for us to hold off
on like Iran strikes. That's coming like
a little bit out of nowhere, right?
There's been a lot of messy news over
the night. Um
uh Iranian media claiming that the US is
offering them uh sanctions waivers, and
then US coming to deny that. So, I think
that's why all trading was very choppy
last night. And I think people looking
for a certain direction got it when
Trump's post came and said, "Hey, we're
not going to strike Iran." And out of
all that mess, that seemed like the
clearest thing. And that's why oil's
pointing downward today. But as you say,
it's still mostly headlines.
So, what will get us out of this? I
mean, what do traders want to see, per
se?
I think what traders want to see is
either clarity or whether a deal is
really coming or whether things are
really going to be stuck in the Strait
of Hormuz, that critical waterway is
going to stay uh blocked up for the
future. I think what's clear is that
uh
despite the headline surfing, despite
the contrasting claims, it seems that
the Iranian and the US positions are
very far apart, right? So, the demands
are so far apart. One doesn't want to
give up the nuclear program, the other
one's asking for something substantial.
And I think until that actually happens,
until there's clear progress, and what
Trump's comments are, I think, aren't
that kind of like progress, then we're
just going to see a little bit more of
this sort of limbo where we're moving up
and down with no real
clarity. Is there some progress though
on, you know, tankers managing to exit
the strait? Is that a promising signal
at least? No, I I think you're right to
flag that, April. I think what's
interesting about that is how the
tankers that have been able to sneak out
are also the ones who've been sneaking
in since the war started, right? So,
there are a couple of like cowboy ship
owners who are willing to take the risk
Right. of getting struck, dodge ducking
in, ducking out, cracking deals with the
Iranians, with the US, I don't know.
That could be all be in the background,
right? So, these are the guys who are
able to get in and out. But more
probably, let's look at the tankers, the
over 100 or so tankers that were in the
Gulf when this war happened, right? So,
these are still mostly still there.
They're not leaving. And the reason why
is because the ship owners without that
kind of like crazy risk appetite, these
are the guys who are maybe a little more
mainstream, the kind that move the the
flows we talk about all the time. Those
are still in there. And that's
reflecting how they're still worry about
strikes, right? So, in terms of the risk
calculus,
I wouldn't see the few tankers the
cowboys are running as indicative of a
broader shift. Yeah, so maybe the
cowboys are the exception, right? To
your point. At the time where the strait
is still, you know, no traffic coming in
or out. Uh
and oil prices are hovering in that
direction precisely because of that
issue.
What are we hearing about where the US
is perhaps going to, you know, help to
alleviate the supply in oil markets from
suggestions that, you know, they're
getting waivers on Russian sanctions.
You're right to point that there as
well, April. I think what's clear is
that the US's policy on this front isn't
like one clear unidirectional thing
that's been laid out from the start.
Sort of like how we enter into this war,
right? It seems to be very ad hoc. It
seems to be sort of like band-aids that
come as and when the need arises. So,
again, this is the third waiver like on
Russian oil sales that's come in the
past 2 months. So, there've been two
There've been talks that there wouldn't
be any more extensions, and then shortly
after that, US Treasury announces
another extension. And so, it's kind of
been very unclear, right? And let me
point out, of course, that in terms of
who gets annoyed by all this, it's not
going to be the people who are short of
oil. It's not Indonesia, it's not India.
These are the countries that have
rallied the US to provide the kind of
waivers that we're seeing. It's going to
be people like Europe who already have
been stuck in this uh war that Russia
and the Ukraine have been engaged in for
a while now. And they're just saying,
"Okay, like, you know, this helps the
uh global oil balance, but what's that
really doing for Russia? Like, we're
sending revenue to Russia at a time when
like oil prices are above 100, right?
That's kind of maybe not working one war
well when the other one's like, in
limbo, so." Okay, really interesting,
Nicholas. And of course, all this coming
at a time where the Russian president is
headed to China. Thank you so much for
walking us through all these nuances on
energy markets. Bloomberg oil reporter,
Nicholas Wu. Um and of course, we're
watching Putin set to arrive in Beijing
later today for his own state visit just
days after President Trump's. Energy
will be high on the agenda given the
ongoing energy [snorts] shock caused by
the war in Iran. Uh Chief North Asia
correspondent, Stephen Engle, is in
Beijing. So, Steve, we've been talking
about energy markets so much, and then
now it seems like this gas pipeline
called Power of Siberia 2 might be on
the cards. How is the Chinese president
likely to approach this?
Yeah, well, that's the big question
because the Power of Siberia 2 has been
on the cards for quite some time. Uh the
two sides agree that they In concept,
they like it. Uh but again, the Chinese
want to see better terms because they
would like to basically import oil
through that Power of Siberia 2, which
would run from Siberia through Mongolia
into China, but they would only want to
buy uh that gas when they need it. Uh
whereas Russia wants a constant of
commitment
for basically to justify the huge cost
that will cost to build this. China will
build the pipeline on its soil. Then it
would come through Mongolia. Mongolia
would get an excise tax, if you will,
for transporting it through their
country. Then Russia would build it on
their side. So, they agree in principle,
but again,
China wants favorable terms and that's
been the the bugaboo here for the green
light to build it. Now, one would say,
given the oil shock and the basic halt
of LNG exports out of Qatar and through
the Persian Gulf, that this would give
leverage to Vladimir Putin. Well, in
principle, it probably does and that
could maybe be the impetus for China and
Russia to push this negotiation further.
But again, that's the big questions and
that's why it's absolutely fascinating
right now.
Yeah, and and we're approaching Well,
we're entering really the fifth year of
this Ukraine war, Steve. How critical is
this China-Russia relationship today?
You know, they we've talked about how
it's no no limits sort of partnership,
but you know, who needs who more?
>> [laughter]
>> Well, the relationship is critical, but
it's unequal. Obviously, I think Russia
needs China more. I mean, they
are relying on China for about 36% of
their total exports, whereas China
only three point Russia's only about
3.7% of China's exports.
So, yes, it's an unequal relationship
right now.
So, Vladimir Putin comes here to Beijing
starting today. They'll have talks
tomorrow. And I think really key and
paramount to that
strategy of Vladimir Putin coming here
is getting at least the ball moving
forward.
It's very unlikely that they're going to
get it across the the goal line, but to
move it forward. So, Russia has a a
lifeline, if you will, from the pipeline
uh the Siberia 2 Power of Siberia uh 2
when their their
um gas exports to the European Union,
obviously, have pretty much dried up.
So, I think it's an unequal
relationship. Vladimir Putin or Xi
Jinping has all the cards right now. But
again, given the oil shock, the energy
shock, the need to drive resiliency and
diversity, that might play slightly
right now in Vladimir Putin's hands. But
again, no one's expecting necessarily a
deal to happen in this short summit that
starts tomorrow.
Steve, thank you. Stephen Engle, there,
our chief Middle East correspondent in
Beijing. And still ahead, we're talking
earnings. Baidu's first quarter results
showing strong AI-related sales and
making up a half of the total revenue
for the first time and offsetting, of
course, their core business. We dig into
the numbers next. [music] This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're talking earnings [music] out of
China, as well. Baidu posting that 1%
drop in revenue for the first quarter
with growth in its AI businesses
offsetting a decline in traditional
internet revenue. Bloomberg Intelligence
says the company's earnings are expected
to stagnate this year despite its AI
quest, Yvonne.
Yeah, let's bring in our senior analyst,
Robert Lee. He he he told us about this
yesterday. But interesting enough, this
is a milestone, right? For the first
time we've seen this company deliver in
terms of AI sales that's offset what's
going on in the core business.
What Why do you think this is What do
you make of the improvement first and
foremost here? Okay, well, all credit to
management. Yeah,
something like 51% of the revenue is AI
related now. So, they have delivered on
their strategy. So, full marks and all
credit to them. However, they've come
from a position where previously they
were effective monopoly. They're often
referred to as the Google of China.
Um so, they had a very strong
advertising driven business related to
search. Their operating margins used to
be 20 to 21%. They're now undergoing a
structural change where their pricing
for the products are set by the market
and as we know that's hyper-competitive.
Their margins are undergoing a
structural decline and based on
consensus, I think they'll be delivering
about 9% operating margin this year and
11% next year. So, again that reflects
the very low pricing in the market in
the market determined by the market uh
again tying in with the government
strategy to proliferate AI. So, uh and
also if you look at the level of
earnings growth they are predicted by
consensus to deliver this year, I think
operating profit is still forecast to go
down 6% this year with net income down
3%. So, if you're a believer in the
Baidu story, it's all about 2027 growth.
And unfortunately, as we've seen over
the last probably best part of 3 years,
we've seen continual downgrade
downgrades in consensus estimates.
They've failed to deliver on that
promise. So, I think short-term it is
positive for sentiment, but there's
still significant ongoing challenges.
Can we at least say Robert that the
worst is behind this company? Um I don't
think you can in all honesty because
their legacy business now is slightly
less than half their business, but that
is under a huge structural pressure
because these days I mean advertisers
put their advertising dollars where
consumer eyeballs are. Um and that's
companies like Bilibili and and
Xiaohongshu, referred to as Little Red
Book or Red Note, the Instagram of
China. This is where the affluent Gen
Z's of China are are looking, are
spending their online time. Therefore,
the advertising dollars are going there.
They're not going to Baidu. Hence, their
business uh their core business, their
legacy business is under massive
pressure.
And also these days there are many, many
ways to search online. You used to just
go to Baidu, that was a go-to place. Now
you can do it on so many different apps.
So I think the risk of further upsets
from the legacy business, whilst
reduced, are still there.
Robert, we're also expecting, as you
say, those Bilibili numbers for the
first quarter. What are you watching out
for?
Well, as I just mentioned, Bilibili has
got a fantastic positioning within this
again affluent
tier one sort of biased Gen Z community.
So in terms of their Q1 numbers, their
advertising growth should, you know,
probably exceed 25%, which given the
economic headwinds out there at the
moment is a really fantastic level of
growth. They're referred to as the
YouTube of China, which in broad terms I
think is
is broadly correct. I think, you know,
in contrast to Baidu, they are strongly
positioned in terms of demographics, you
know, with a very solid underlying
revenue driver. So I think we should see
that come through. The only sort of
issue with Bilibili at the moment is
they have a subscale video games
business whose performance has been a
little bit
inconsistent, shall we say. So with the
lack of obvious potential hit titles in
the pipeline, then we're unlikely to see
that contribute. If if there is a
turnaround in the video games business,
I think that could add some icing to the
cake on Bilibili. So again, in contrast
to Baidu, which again, if you're a
believer in Baidu, you've got to wait
for next year for the growth to come
through, if it comes through, then
Bilibili you've got certainty and
they're really delivering today. You
also started coverage of Xiaohongshu. We
thought that was very interesting as
well. It's a private company, but what
can you tell us about the growth
prospects? You seem very positive about
the Instagram of China. Okay. I we maybe
I'm a little bit too old these days to
be using the likes of Instagram and um
um,
but anyway, I I I think again it's very
popular with uh, a predominantly female
population. They're expanding uh, the
range of products. It's primarily a
recommendation engine
um, with uh, with which is based on a
substantial trusted community of uh,
consumers. It's consumers rather than
uh, influencers or paid influencers that
are providing the recommendations. Yeah.
So, again, they've been a go-to place
for Chinese advertisers. They're looking
now to close the circle and go beyond
just a recommendation engine to move
into e-commerce by partnering rather
than competing with people at Alibaba.
So, I think it's a multifaceted story.
If they come to market and IPO, I think
it could be a quite an interesting one.
Whether that happens or not this year
remains to be seen. But, I think that
again, compared to Baidu, is a
multifaceted solid, robust story in
contrast. Robert, we'll we'll look we'll
look ahead and see if once uh, that IPO
comes we'll we'll bring you back on to
talk about it. Robert Lee there,
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst
there. A look at how Asian markets are
doing as we go to break here. We talked
about still pressure amongst the chip
space here today. Onshore markets are
lower by about 1% for the CSI 300. Hang
Seng though,
>> [music]
>> is slightly above water. Kospi though,
still seeing 4% declines. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Let's take a look at how memory players
are doing in the Asia Pacific. Tracking
those declines in memory and storage
related stocks out of the US and you're
seeing that really steep declines as
well from South Korea, Japan also
despite that reefer from earnings.
Kioxia is another stock that is seeing
that pressure from the selling in memory
related chips following on from the
Seagate chief's comments that suggest
that hey, maybe they might not be able
to meet the surge in demand. Meantime,
the CEOs of tech giants Nvidia and Dell
say "Access to memory chips, that
remains the biggest bottleneck for
global AI growth." Jensen Huang and
Michael Dell both spoke to us
exclusively in Las Vegas about dealing
with supply chain challenges.
It is and and the demand is exceeding
the supply there as well as you know and
look, as you move to these
agent
frameworks inside companies,
you use a lot more CPUs. Yeah. And
uh you know, that's that's just the the
reality of what's what's happening and
I think I think that's only going to
going to increase. So, instead of humans
using tools,
it's now agents using tools. An agent,
you were talking about earlier on stage,
they're we're going to have we have a
billion people, we'll have hundreds of
billions of agents.
People use tools every now and then,
agents are going to use tools all the
time and agents use tools very quickly.
And so, we're going to need a lot more
CPUs and those CPUs are connected to GPU
brains so that the CPUs know how to
think, how to reason, how to plan and
how to use those tools. So, that's
basically how it works. Gentlemen, what
is the biggest supply constraint or
bottleneck for you right now?
Well, certainly, you know, memory is a
challenge. I think So, it is memory. The
advanced node semiconductors are still
challenging.
You know, it's it's really I mean, we we
think about it from the things that
we're producing and Right. uh the
semiconductor supply chain is
ramping, but the demand's growing faster
than than than the supply. In our case,
we provide the technology integrated.
And so, the memory comes with our
technology. We've been planning our
supply chain for a couple 2 3 years with
the largest supply chain in the world.
Our partners have done a great job
securing supply for us. And so, all of
the pieces go together. The CoWoS is
lined up with the HBM, which is lined up
with the Grace Blackwells and the CPUs.
There's CoWoS R, the CoWoS L, the CoWoS
S. All of it is all lined up. The
silicon photonics is lined up.
Everything is all lined up. It's just
that the demand is much greater than the
overall capacity of the world.
Jensen Huang and Michael Dell there
speaking exclusively to Bloomberg Tech
co-anchor Ed Ludlow. Checking markets
here, some of the big moves that we're
seeing
>> actually in the HS tech space. So, some
of these big traditional platforms are
doing quite well today. 2% gains for
Alibaba, Tencent's up for 3%. So, the
laggards are actually performing
outperforming today. On the flip side,
some of the old winners are now some of
the losers. You look at what's going on
in the ChiNext. And [music] there you
go. You see some likes of CATL down some
1%, Zhong Jia Innova Light down some
four. We have plenty more to come. This
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to a lunch break in just a
moment. And yeah, it takes us time to
kind of give us a breather in what's
really going across a Japanese assets
here. We do see stocks on the Nikkei are
heading lower, but the Topix is is
actually seeing some gains here. And
that's really been driven by what the
banks are doing, possibly what's going
on when it comes to the bond market,
what the BOJ could do, those GDP numbers
that came out earlier this morning was
better than expected, right? A 2% print
for a first quarter GDP. So, does that
add to the whole, I guess, angst that
we're seeing in the bond market?
Certainly, we're still seeing 275 for
your I believe that's the 10-year. My
eyes are so bad. Yes, right now for your
JGB market. Uh in terms of Japanese
banks, that's the one to watch here
today. So, we're still seeing some signs
of green from some of these lenders here
today. So, Mitsubishi Mitsubishi UFJ is
up some 3% there. So, yeah, that strong
GDP really bolstering the case now that
the BOJ is probably going to have to
hike sooner than later. And Avril,
there's still a lot of talk about what's
going on with this budget.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, if the BOJ hikes,
this is helpful or I beneficial for the
profits for some of these Japanese
lenders. So, that's the read through
you're seeing in stocks. But, it's
interesting how the Japanese Prime
Minister still thinks, it seems, that
the economy is in need of some support
because Sanae Takaichi has reversed
course on that extra budget. She's
called for a fresh fiscal plan as rising
commodity prices add pressure on the
economy. For more, let's bring in
Bloomberg East Asia government editor
John Herskovitz
in Tokyo for us. So, John, we've been
scratching our heads a little bit on on
this U-turn on the extra budget. Talk to
us about the fiscal risks and the ripple
through in JGB markets.
Uh surely, the concern is that the uh
this extra budget is going to require
more debt financing, issuing some more
bonds. This has just caused concern in
the market at a time when there's been a
global bond route. Uh Japan has been at
the forefront of this. We've seen yields
at levels uh for the 1990s. The 40-year
is at a new record. 30-year, 20-year,
10-year trading at levels not seen since
the 1990s. So, there's the concern that
um what Japan is doing is really going
to put pressure on JGBs in this broader
global environment. So, we've seen a
weakening of the yen, and this has
caused ripples throughout the economy
that really has people in the markets
concerned.
When I was talking about this extra
budget, what what do you think is the
rationale politically for compiling this
extra budget?
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, I think we're looking at the for
Prime Minister Takachi, she's looking at
the voters. An overwhelming majority of
the Japanese public is concerned about
rising prices stemming from this war in
Iran.
Prime Minister Takachi is also riding
high in opinion polls. Probably some of
the best readings for a Prime Minister
so far in office in many many years. For
Takachi, she's doing something what the
analysts call reassurance populism.
People are worried about the prices
rising prices of commodities, of
gasoline, and she's doing this measure,
the extra budget, as it's being built as
a way of protecting protecting consumers
from rising oil prices. The government's
going to continue gasoline subsidies for
a few more months, and we're heading
into the summer months when energy
prices are going up. So, this is a way
to let the public know that the
government is concerned. They're finding
ways to help people with rising costs.
So, while the markets are looking at
this with a bit of alarm, for Takachi,
this is a way of making sure the voter
base sees that the government is aware
of the concerns that they're having
about prices and taking measures to
protect.
And Katayama, the finance minister, was
speaking at the G7 meeting about, you
know, they are monitoring what's going
on
in these bond markets when they talk
about this extra budget. John, do you
think that was enough to reassure bond
traders here right now?
Um bond traders, I think they may have
hear the heard the reassurance, but
they're looking at the numbers. You
know, Japan is thinking of ways unlike
looking at extra some extra tax
collections, some emergency funds to pay
for this, but yeah, giving the
reassurance to the market is something
that could help, but you know, it's just
a hardcore a hard decision as to whether
there's going to be the issuance of more
debt, more bonds coming.
John, the other thing we're watching is
some of these visits from last year or
was it earlier this year where Lee
Jae-myung headed to Nara and now
Takaichi-san is headed to South Korea.
What are we expecting from her summit
with the South Korean president?
Yeah, uh Takaichi is
on her way to South Korea today. She's
going to Lee Jae-myung's hometown.
Of all the things that they will be
talking about, one of the things that
they're looking at is energy security,
supplies,
making sure that they can work together
to get the decent supplies of oils
naphtha and other things to the
respective countries. So, they have this
is the background, but there's so many
things going on from
rising prices from the war in Iran,
responding to China, um they have
security [clears throat] concerns and
also they're Japan and South Korea have
been in kind of the same boat when it
comes to the US in terms of security.
Both have significant US forces in their
countries and also with a trade, how do
they manage relations with the US, how
do they manage relations with China as
Trump keeps throwing out tariff threats,
recalibrating how people need to make
their
investment of investment decisions. So,
a lot going on, but at this point one of
the main things on the agenda will be
energy and supplies.
John, thank you. John Herskovitz there,
our Bloomberg East Asia government
editor, joining us out of Tokyo. Let's
bring in our markets producer, Anthony
Stevens, for more on what bond yields
are doing. How's that impacting risk
overall? You're focusing on Japan in
particular, Anthony. Yeah, I think it's
important to note that 30 years are
leading this yield slide, right? You see
the yellow line just absolutely take
off, and it's the highest yield since
the bond was introduced all the way back
in the late '90s, right? The reason for
that is because Japan Japanese yields
are sliding for good and bad reasons.
The good reason was in today's data. GDP
deflator, alongside the strong GDP, was
3.4%. GDP deflator now has been high
above 3% for an extended period of time.
Japanese people are getting very used to
sustained inflation. This is a sea
change from a market that barely saw any
inflation in the 2010s, right? So, this
is structurally starting to change. And
as a result, the the yields in the bond
yields will not materially come back
based on short-term political noise.
They seem to be in a structural uptrend.
So, now you flip the board and see
whether this actually is impacting the
Japanese stock market, right? And that
is a little bit of a different kettle of
fish. Here, you see the Japan chip
sector is leading the topics by a lot.
This is the spread between the Japan
chip sector and the topics. It's having
a little bit of a retracement today, but
you see the correlation with the topics
has come off entirely. As a result, you
see the Japanese stock market has become
very idiosyncratic. Things are not
moving together based on macro
phenomena. They're moving based on
earnings. And on that front, Japan has
had a fantastic earning season, right?
Almost 90% 96% of the topics has
reported. And all over that, 60% of
earnings have been within tech. It's
closer to 70% of earning speed. So,
what's going to crack this rally? It's
going to be tech specific stuff. It's
not going to be macro stuff. And we
started to see that a little bit today
after the Seagate news. Flip the board
one more time and I can show you the one
country in Asia that is resistant to
these forces.
And that is China, right? China's bond
yields have barely budged during this
entire period of bond sell-off. And why
is that? Once again, it's for good and
bad reasons. The good reason is that
China is increasingly becoming energy
self-sufficient. Chinese oil imports
fell again. Chinese natural gas imports
are at eight-year lows, and yet their
electricity production is up single
digits, right? This is a country that's
getting much, much better at producing
its own energy. And a testament to that
is growth in EVs, batteries, and solar
were up almost 27% in yesterday's data
dump, right? So, this is one country
that is very resistant to any oil shock.
Just to put it in perspective, China and
Japan have pretty much the same
inflation at a and there's a spread of
growth around 4%.
Uh very interesting to to see that
divergence between what CGP is doing in
the rest of the world there. And yeah,
with with the Japan thing, I mean,
that's definitely a good reason for some
of these equity bulls to keep going.
Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens, our
Bloomberg Markets Reporter, joining us
here in Hong Kong. Uh look at how Asia
markets are doing as we go into that
lunch break. Well, that lunch break in
Japan, that's [music] that's going on
right now. Hang Seng is up about 6/10 of
1% on share markets to head in the
opposite direction uh with the Kospi
still [music] seeing 4% declines here
this morning. This is Bloomberg.
President Trump says he called off
strikes on Iran planned for Tuesday
after Gulf allies asked for more time to
seek a diplomatic resolution. Trump says
the US remains prepared to attack if an
acceptable deal isn't reached, but did
not give a deadline. There was no
immediate confirmation from Iran of
renewed talks.
I was asked by Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE,
and some others if we could put it off
for
two or three days, a short period of
time, because they think that they are
getting very close to making a deal. And
if we can do that, where there's no
nuclear weapon going into the hands of
Iran, [snorts] I think. And if they're
satisfied,
uh we will be probably satisfied, also.
And we're checking, of course, when it
comes to Southeast Asia markets in the
Philippines in particular. We're seeing
a third day of losses when it comes to
the P comp here today. But we're pretty
steady with the peso, although we are at
a heading heading around that 61-62
level, which is uh pretty weak right
now, so to speak. So the dollar is
coming back still a little bit in the
last couple hours or so. April, and
certainly there's a lot going on with
the EM effects side of things.
Yeah, and no thanks to the resurgence
that we've been seeing in the greenback,
right? I think it was this string of
gains on the dollar that's really
continuing to put these EM currencies on
the back foot, especially the ones that
are very energy dependent on imports. Um
you've seen how the likes of the Thai
baht has been coming under pressure, but
also Indonesian rupiah, Indian rupee
even. And to your point about what we're
seeing in the Philippines as well, the
peso uh coming under that bit of
pressure. And of course, this is coming
against a backdrop of this tick up in
yields that we're seeing on the US. Is
this a bit of a structural issue that
we're seeing particularly on the long
end as far as inflation is concerned?
And what does that mean in terms of
other EM markets? And of course, uh we
have been tracking continuously what
we're seeing in these energy prices.
Yeah, we are seeing a bit of decline or
a pullback from Monday's pricing on
Brent at least, but the continued
concerns of the straight you talk about
the natural straight, the extent in
which there's any traffic going through
the straight. That's basically zero as
some of our colleagues have been
highlighting previously, and of course,
we've also been tracking some of these
geopolitical developments. The
Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos
says his country would likely be
involved in any potential conflict over
Taiwan due to its proximity, reiterating
a stance that risks riling up Beijing.
Let's get more from our Manila Bureau
Chief Manolo Serapio. So, Manny,
you've been tracking this, of course.
It's coming in the same vein of comments
that he's made previously. What's the
context of this latest statement?
Hi, Ril. So, he made this this comment
during an interview with Japanese media
in Manila on Monday. And this he makes
making these remarks ahead of his
visit to
Japan next week and meet with Prime
Minister Takeichi. So, basically Marcos
is saying that uh
the Philippines would likely be involved
in any possible conflict over Taiwan
precisely because of the proximity, as
he said, and also because there are
about 200,000 Filipinos working and
living in Taiwan. Uh as much as the
Philippines would wouldn't want to start
off any conflict, wouldn't want to be
dragged into any conflict, but it
doesn't have a choice given its
proximity northern the main Luzon island
at the northern tip is very close to
Taiwan, and at the same time you have a
you have a lot of Filipinos, hundreds of
thousands of Filipinos working there.
Uh Uh, Manny, how do you think this is
going to affect relations with China
with things already been pretty strained
of late?
Yes. Uh,
the Philippines continues to have a one
China policy, but and at the same time,
despite those tensions between China and
the Philippines among their ships in the
South China Sea because of territorial
claims.
Um,
Uh, the Marcos said that the Philippines
and China are increasing their
engagement
uh, to make sure that there are there
there's peaceful um,
uh, relationships between them. And
Marcos said during this interview that
the top diplomats of the two countries
will be meeting in in less than a
month's time.
Manny, we're also watching this
uh, trip to [clears throat] Japan for a
state visit. What specific security
assurances or cooperation might Marcos
be seeking from Tokyo?
So, basically uh, Marcos is saying that
you know,
uh, Japan also which also has a some
tensions with Beijing over the East
China Sea.
Um, they would basically
uh, possibly compare notes and see what
strategy is working, what isn't working.
And I think at the same time they're
also will
uh, be talking about uh, further
security cooperation because uh, both
countries have an existing uh,
reciprocal access agreement with um,
with with regard to their military
troops with they just uh, signed a very
recently and it came into effect. And
um,
uh,
Japanese troops are also part for the
first time of the US-Philippine annual
military drills which uh, concluded
early uh, early this month.
Manny, thank you so much for bringing us
the latest on this. Bloomberg's Manila
Bureau Chief Manolo Serapio for us.
Here's a look at how Asian markets are
fairing as we head into a break. We're
are of course seeing some stability on
the Philippine peso. The rest of the EM
complex still coming under pressure.
>> [music]
>> That includes today
the Chinese yuan. You're looking at 68
on the dollar China handle. This [music]
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Here are some of the top corporate
stories we're following. [music]
Standard Chartered is planning to cut
more than 15% of its back office roles
over 4 years,
>> [music]
>> joining other lenders in adopting
artificial intelligence to replace
workers. CEO Bill Winters says it's a
reduction of job roles in favor of
machines, which will accelerate as they
go forward into AI. [music]
The lender has also set a target of
raising return on tangible equity to 18%
[music] by 2030.
The US Justice Department says it's
dropping all criminal charges against
Indian billionaire [music] Gautam Adani.
That decision follows an announcement
that the US Treasury was resolving a
sanctions-related investigation [music]
involving the Adani Group's flagship
company. And last week the SEC moved to
settle a fraud case against Adani and
his [music] nephew. The move signal
potential for a dramatic US comeback for
Asia's [music]
richest person.
Seagate shares had their [music] worst
one-day drop in nearly 2 months after
CEO Dave Mosley said building new
factories would take too long [music]
and potentially lead to overcapacity.
The comment sparked investor fears that
the company won't be [music] able to
meet soaring demand for memory chips.
The AI data center boom has seen Seagate
shares soar almost [music] 600%
over the past year. Yvonne?
Well, Renault Group says it's aiming to
build independent technology for
electric vehicles in Europe to compete
with Chinese car makers. The CFO, Duncan
Minto, also told us that they're seeing
limited impact so far on supply chains
from the war in on Iran.
Less than 1% of sales are in the region
for us direct in terms of direct
exposure. But obviously there could be
larger impacts on the supply chain.
Today, so far we haven't seen any
impact, but obviously as an automotive
manufacturer, we're very prudent about
what could happen in the coming terms.
So, cost is a very much a focus for us.
Exactly. You're trying to make your
company leaner, right? If that's the
case, I do wonder why you wouldn't share
also some of your factories that are not
running at full capacity with Chinese
companies as well, like other European
car makers are doing.
Yeah, Sherry, some European car makers,
obviously the the car market in Europe
hasn't actually found the level it did
pre-COVID. Um but Renault had done
Renault Group had done a lot of
restructuring at that point in time. In
terms of capacity utilization, unlike
some of our peers, we're running over
90%. So, we don't actually have any
spare capacity to to to give away.
How well are you competing with uh
Chinese car makers like BYD that of
course are becoming uh more popular in
Europe, especially given of course the
issues surrounding energy prices
soaring?
Yes, uh you have seen uh as you referred
to just earlier, a very large uptick in
terms of EV demand in Europe uh since
the beginning of the troubles in the
Middle East.
Whether this is a short-term thing or
more of a longer-term thing linked to
Renault's portfolio uh because we have a
dual strategy both on the EV car side
where we have a full portfolio of of
models and on the hybrid side which has
been a very important part for Europe.
But in order to go against Chinese
competition
and really raise the bar of the group we
had part of our future ready plan which
was announced very recently
the desire to keep fixed cost flat
throughout the plan to work on variable
cost reductions but I guess the most
important factor is speed. And we've
already proved that with the launch of
Twingo which we managed to launch within
21 months which I think is benchmark for
Western manufacturers.
Future ready strategy also as you said
is about really cutting costs not
necessarily
prioritizing volume right?
In that sense give us a little bit more
of your strategy on how you would
compete with these cheaper
Chinese car makers.
Yes so future ready
one of the finding parts is about
efficiency capital efficiency and
keeping our fixed cost flat. But the
plan is also a growth plan.
At the end in the auto sector
everything's about the product and the
technology. So future ready sees us
build our own independent technology in
Europe be that our EV platforms in which
we're seeing a lot of demand coming from
partners outside so external partners
coming to ask us to produce for them due
to the efficiency of these platforms.
But it's also about growth for us
outside Europe.
That was a Renault Group CFO Duncan
Minto speaking to Sherry earlier on this
morning here. We're watching some of
these sort of IP related names. You got
to wonder why. Well it seems like
there's a bit of a trend forming here
right? We're rotating out of AI rotating
out of chips and we're getting back to
some of these sort of under performers
like IP related stocks. So we take let's
say Sanrio Hello Kitty certainly very
much in focus there. Some of the gaming
stocks like Bandai and then the like
Nintendo's even doing quite well despite
the stock has been weighed down by of
course memory chip prices and the like
of late. So even that is looking okay
here. Pot Mar is seeing a little bit of
gains here. And really what we're seeing
is again, you know, big tech is actually
doing okay in the face of this sort of
risk off moves that you're seeing in
Korea. So more rotation back into these
legacy tech names certainly is
interesting here today. Tencent is up 3
and 1/2%. Baba's up two. We're also
watching some of these big moves like
China Construction Bank. The banks in
Hong Kong are catching a bid here. So
some of more of the traditional sectors
are now getting more focus here today in
terms of the price actions. With the
Hang Seng is seeing some marginal gains
here, but really is bucking against some
of the big moves that we're seeing to
the downside in in in in the region.
And Asian memory, right? That is the
largest drag. When you take a look at
what's going on in the Kospi,
it's really just been two companies
that's been dragging the Kospi in its
ascent. And now of course it's dropped,
but the market breath is really stoking
some concerns that perhaps this market
is overheating. So 3% losses for Samsung
as well as for SK Hynix. That's also
leading to Kioxia Holdings shares down
some 4% despite those really blowout
earnings and the guidance there
yesterday. But yes, the some of the
warnings from Seagate overnight is once
again sending some negative sort of
vibes across the region. [music] And
we'll leave you with what's going on in
the Asia Pacific. Yeah, we're bouncing
off some of the session lows, [music]
but then again, you're seeing pretty
pronounced moves in Seoul. That's it for
us. You're on the [music] China Show.